[bitnami/parse] Update MongoDB subchart for parse (#11591)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/parse/README.md

## Upgrading

### To 19.0.0

> This major updates the MongoDB&reg; subchart to it newest major, 13.0.0. No major issues are expected during the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This major updates the MongoDB&reg; subchart to its newest major, [13.0.0](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/mongodb#to-1200). No major issues are expected during the upgrade.
```
